I mean, I get choked like every day.
So now explain why you sound like you're dying.
Because I am dying, Dax.
No, I lost my voice.
I got choked.
And I didn't tap quick enough.
I mean, I get choked like every day.
I mean, that's just part of the gist.
It was like you're getting choked.
But this time it was kind of a sneaky Ezekiel choke.
I didn't realize how good he had it.
He's a brown belt.
His name's Lane. Thanks Lane for the choke.
He just got in there real good.
And I didn't tap quick enough.
And I think I don't know if it damaged my vocal cords
or my larynx.
I don't know what's in there.
My esophagus, something is damaged.
Did it hurt?
Yeah, it hurts really bad.
Just wallow. Yeah.
Oh, damn.
Yeah, it feels like when you get sick.
I mean, it feels like a cold, like a real big knot in your throat.
But I'm not sick.
I have no other symptoms.
It's just I got choked.
Is this something that happens often?
And you did too?
You know, I don't know.
I was telling, I was talking to my coach this morning.
It's gotten progressively worse like the last three days.
This actually happened on like Friday.
Oh, it's been a couple days.
Yeah, yeah.
And it just the next morning was like, oh, wow.
My voice is actually going immediately after it was like not in the throat hurt.
But it was the next day that it's kind of gone and then it's just gotten progressively worse.
And I was telling coach today, like, oh, man, I'm not sick.
I just, this is from getting choked.
And he's like, oh, yeah.
Yeah, that happens.
I don't know.
I guess it's semi normal.
It sucks.
Are you going to see a doctor eventually if it doesn't get better?
Oh, I assume it's going to get better.
What do you mean if it doesn't?
It's not going to get better?
No, I mean, I'm just saying you said it's gotten worse over three days.
So for me, the way with injuries, it's always like, I give it a little bit of time.
And if I see any improvement, I'm like, okay, it's fine.
I don't have to go to the doctor.
But I, and mentally, I'm like, okay, if this is, if this doesn't feel better after X number of days,
I probably need to go.
Yeah, there hasn't been a day where it's gotten better yet.
It's only gotten worse.
I mean, at some point you get worried, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, yeah, that point is now.
I'm worried now.
What was Casey's reaction to your voice?
She seems pretty fine with it.
I mean, she doesn't seem too concerned.
Just like, oh, yeah.
Got choked?
Cool.
Okay.
It's pretty normal at this point.
She's just, she's so used to me, like, coming home every, every day and just being like, oh,
I can't move my arm or my shoulders ripped out or like something hurts so bad every day that the voice is like us and so bad to the voice.
It's crazy.
You just sound like a different person.
I even remember what your normal voice sounds like.
I know it sounds, it sounds awful.
And I'm recording a podcast, which is kind of stupid.
Is my bar moving?
Is it actually recording?
No, I think it filters out ugly voices.
It is moving.
It doesn't move on my end anymore.
So I don't even know.
Yeah.
I mean, I can hear you.
Do I sound totally different?
Do I sound kind of more like a radio voice?
Hey, everybody.
This is, I don't know more when you do that.
Yeah.
Yes.
That grabliness is something that I would like.
So Liz's dad has his really great, like, like voice.
Yeah.
I mean, we talked about it already, but it's the frickin cigars.
And I'm like, I don't want to smoke cigars, but I guess I need to.
That's bad for your health, but you could just do it too.
Good joke.
I can show you.
We'll just put on the gear.
I'll just show the joke.
I can give you some gravel real quick.
I wonder if people are listening to this episode for the first time.
And you opened it just by saying, I got choked.
I got choked.
I get choked every day.
And then it took you a while to stage it.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
The thought I was just saying this is like weird kinky stuff.
Yeah.
And they just think this is more voice sounds like.
I don't know.
This is not my voice is not very low.
I have a pretty high voice.
So this is different.
It really hurts to swallow though.
That is concerning.
I'm a little concerned.
Yeah.
I mean, give it like to the end of the week.
Maybe you're a couple more days.
Okay.
I actually got the doctors and get better.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Because I feel like most things that aren't a big deal start to feel better within a week.
Okay.
So I've still got a few days made up made up here is sick.
Yeah.
Then it works for me.
Thank you, Dr. Dax.
And I haven't been to the doctor in like 12 years.
Yeah.
I was thinking about that.
Do I tell you that I dropped my health insurance?
I heard you saying that.
Yeah.
And then it just occurred to me like two days ago.
It's like, I got into jujitsu right after I dropped my health insurance.
That was really stupid.
Like I'm going to get some kind of injury and need like some weird surgery.
Yeah.
And I don't even have health insurance stupid.
I just health insurance is just a racket.
It's just such a joke.
I don't know if we've talked about it before, but it's pretty simple.
If you are like decently young and decently healthy, you just do it.
And it's what probably we were doing before.
You pay for the disaster insurance, which just progressively has gotten more expensive.
Like all the past couple years, I'm paying double what I used to.
Basically, it means you pay for everything yourself unless there's something crazy.
That's over $10,000 that they had you covered.
That's only for emergencies.
Even here in those we've got the self pay doctors like that are like oriented toward it.
So I go ahead.
Yeah.
So that that's a big thing that's happening now where I think a lot of people are in the
situation where there's like, I'm just paying for disaster insurance.
I'm going to be paying out of pocket.
I'm like comfortable with that.
I expect to do that when I go to the doctor.
So now there's all these doctors that are coming up and all these services coming up around
the self paid model, which I just think is better overall because the doctor's office
themselves, they know how much they're going to make when they call you in.
They're not like calling insurance a month later.
And the insurance company makes it extremely difficult for doctors to collect.
Obviously, you couldn't incentivize it.
It's just like a stupid broken system, but this like they all every doctor's office has
this giant room just full of people that are just like on the phone with insurance people
all day.
It's just a mess.
And they have no idea how much they're going to make.
They have no idea how much to charge.
And then it just trickles down to all these good places.
So yeah, I'm just hoping a lot more places are just like self pay standard.
And boomy is actually oriented towards that because we serve.
We specifically don't do insurance, but we don't bother doing any insurance stuff.
We're going to put any effort into insurance stuff because we're hoping that the pool of
doctors that are just like screw it.
I'm not taking insurance.
Just continue to grow.
Gross.
I bet it does.
Yeah.
And I think that actually fixes everything roughly like hospital is still a problem, but yeah,
if there's more doctors doing that, the price transparency comes out.
Like everything just gets fixed.
Insurance kind of gets pushed out of the way.
Yeah, it gets more competitive.
I guess like.
And it gets cheaper.
The prices aren't crazy.
Like you expect them to be like insane, but as this stuff is gone, become more popular.
The prices have actually come down while insurance just keeps getting more expensive.
I heard something.
I keep me looking to this.
I also like, yeah, the amount we're paying for health insurance.
Just I'm just not happy about it.
Someone mentioned something called a health share.
And they're like, I dropped my health insurance and I switched to a health share.
Like a time share.
It sounds like a good health for two weeks out of the year.
Which is kind of all I need to be honest.
It's I haven't looked up exactly what it is, but I find it very confusing because it just
sounds like insurance, like a group of people have gotten together and formed a health share.
And we agreed to share.
Yeah, that's what insurance is.
I'm like, that's what insurance is, except.
Yeah.
It's it turns is so weird because in some ways it's like.
Some of the most it's like if you look at it in a certain way where it's the most like altruistic thing that society has come up with.
We collectively all agree to give up some resources so that people hurt the most.
Can get taken care of.
It's like really cool that exists.
It's a cool concept and it makes sense like.
Like from a social perspective, from a mathematical perspective.
Sharing risk, right?
Like exactly.
You're kind of all collectively.
Deluding down your risk.
Assuming the risk is infrequent enough for it to make sense mathematically.
And I'm generally really in favor of business and like, privatizing things in general.
But this category, I'm like, I don't know if it really makes sense that businesses built on top of this concept because it seems.
It just seems like something else.
And as soon as a business gets involved, like one of the best ways to increase their revenues and make claims harder to claim.
Like that just.
It just happens.
Yeah, the incentive scene.
Yeah.
So I'm in a lot of countries do have like they've made health care public, right?
They take it into the government.
Yeah.
And there's problems with that too.
And I think our country is like pretty different.
Like we actually spend.
We spend a lot of money on health care, like more than most people.
So I don't think just making our like if you include.
Like publicly funded stuff, probably funded stuff that Mount we spend per person.
It's like twice as high as a second highest.
That's like a made up stat, but it's like a crazy order, magnitude difference.
And why?
Do you know why that is?
It's a competition issue.
Like we've had some like weird history with with hospitals in America where we had this
like inverse policy, a lot of states, most states actually have probably still have some
formulas around where if you want to open a new hospital, you had to prove that you were
not competing with an existing hospital in your area, but you have to like show that
you weren't taking away.
I forgot the rationale for it.
Which is like some stupid like government, like I'm going to design the perfect.
Yeah.
I'm going to make this rollouts going to result into perfect outcome, but like backfired,
like everything like that backfires.
So that just set up for like crazy consolidation of like of hospitals.
So not enough hospitals are around.
The ones that are around merged each other this time, these giant hospital groups now.
So we spend way too much.
So it's not that we get it's not that we get sicker than other people.
It's that our price, you're saying just the prices are higher here for the same.
It's like the there's like some factor from like ROP stuff in America.
But I think the point I'm making is if you just take our system and just say, okay, we're
now going to publicly fund the whole thing, you probably end up.
You're still spending like way too much per person because you never fixed the underlying
yeah, like ecosystem of stuff.
So yeah, it's like this multifaceted problem, like all things are.
But yeah, like it's the insurance thing is just annoying as soon as like you're paying
with someone else's money, it's like all these stupid things start to come into play.
Yeah.
It's a mess.
And then just state by state, the different legislation and yeah, I've worked like on
the software side for the insurance industry, like did some stuff for Well Point and Anthem
and all that whatever.
It's a mess.
Just their workflows like individual employees within that ecosystem.
Just a lot, a lot of red tape, a lot of a lot of paper and forms again, it's like it's
a weird incentive where in every other industry, you're like, we have a business process,
the more efficient we can make the process, the better it is for our company.
The insurance is like reversed, like the more complicated we can make the process, the more
money you make, because there's fewer claims that make it through, so yeah, yeah, it just
doesn't work.
It's a mess.
Could I shift gears?
Yeah.
Does it sound like I'm going to start singing or something like no, because okay, here's
the thing.
You sound like deathly ill, like you sound like you're clinging on to life.
So nothing exciting, like singing is expected.
So someone called me a tech bro and I realized I have a problem with this idea of tech bros.
One, I just don't think I'm a tech bro.
I think I know what people mean when they say, look at this tech bro, like I know what the
perception of tech bros is, I don't think it has anything to do with technology.
Like no, it doesn't.
But it has nothing to do.
It's just a lot of people, a lot of technology people have made their money or they're doing
pretty well.
They're comfortable, comfortable enough that they can think about things in their daily
life that suck and that they want to make better.
So anybody who like tries to do things better is a tech bro.
And that's just stupid.
Go ahead.
Let me.
So I don't know who called you.
I'm going to take a guess.
All right.
Okay.
You posted that tweet about coffee.
Yeah.
Unless it replied to you being like, look at this tech bro.
A bunch of anonymous people.
Okay.
But I don't know.
I'm going to tell you why they said that and I'm going to tell you why it's maybe a
little fair.
Oh, no.
Did I say a tech bro thing?
Oh, man.
The thing you posted was you posted something about like, if you drink coffee every day,
you like lose the ability to like use it as a tool where you can take it on certain days
when you need to get a lot of.
Not just coffee.
Like caffeine.
Just caffeine in general.
Yeah.
The thing here is you've thought really hard about something, perhaps too hard.
Perhaps it wasn't worth thinking about and you've kind of taken something that and the
question is, is everything in life worth thinking that hard about that's really all
what people react.
Well, they know they're reacting to that or like they might just be annoyed and like
not really thinking too hard about it.
But the fundamental thing that I think is fair is I get why people will see that and they're
just like, fuck you, Adam, and they just call you a name.
Yeah.
I wasn't trying to say like you're a bad person.
If you drink coffee, I feel like there's this gift that I've discovered and I want to
share it with other people like every day and you just you never get that high anymore.
Like once you drink coffee every day, you lose that forever.
You'll never have that like special day again.
Yeah, I know.
And people are like, Oh, just drink more.
I don't know.
It's a losing battle.
Like 15 cups of coffee a day, like the literal thing, you know, there's there's like this
feeling of life is kind of like this unstructured like amorphous thing and people like that,
like parts of it should stay that way.
Okay.
And then when you structure it in that way, it's like, okay, so what am I allowed to think
hard about?
No, you do whatever you want, no, no, no, no, I need to know on behalf of all the Twitter
anonymous people, could you please let me know?
What am I allowed to think hard about and not be in tech, bro?
Nothing.
I just got to glide through life and go to my nine to five set on the couch when I get
home and watch TV.
No, but I mean, here's the thing, like you can, you can either not offend anyone in the
whole world or you can do something, right?
Like that's, yeah, you can't think about anything because people are going to feel like you're
ruining something.
So do you think tech bro, you, you agreed that tech bro is a dumb term?
Could you just kind of share what you think about it?
I think, I think it's an, I don't think it's dumb, I think maybe people get called it unfairly.
But if you look at what's the most fair way to use that term, I get what they're talking
about.
They're talking about people that like obsess over like these little parts of their life,
like when they go to sleep, when they wake up, when they like, how do they spend their
time doing this?
Like what books are they reading?
Like just kind of doing all those like ultimately superficial things, like a lot of those things
are superficial.
So like a way to feel like you're controlling something and you're improving, but you're
just doing the same thing that literally everybody else in your bubble is doing.
Yeah.
Like it's kind of, it's like a very superficial exercise.
I think it's like that spectrum, there's some people that just aren't doing anything with
their life and just criticizing anyone that's doing something.
So that person should not even be saying anything.
Then there's people that I think have passed that phase in their life and they're kind
of looking back on it being like, okay, I remember when I was like, I went too far with
that stuff and they're calling you a tech bro or someone a tech bro for that reason.
So yeah, I don't do a tech, but let's be honest, like that what I just described that persona
does show up and tech a lot.
Yeah.
And I think it's because I just think it's like the further you get away from survival,
the more your needs are met, the more you look into how could I make my days better?
I don't know.
Is that so bad?
I think that it's not bad, but like if you step back and look at the person you're like,
are they happy as a result of that?
And usually they're not.
So like I said, it's a lot of it tends to be superficial or like, it's like acting.
It's acting.
It's like an identity thing.
Like I do these things again, not saying just because you said that one thing about
caffeine puts in this category, but like I get what they're not I hear you.
Yeah.
Like I do obsess over some of this stuff because I'm 37.
I'm trying to get into an active sport.
And I want I want to I want to do anything I can to help feel better each day.
And I do think these things have helped me.
So does it all come from Huperman?
Yes.
Does that make me a tech girl?
I don't know.
I just I do feel like yeah, everyone who listens to his podcast is annoying and we all talk
about getting in, you know, chest freezers and whatever.
But like if it works, I guess like, I don't know, I'm not trying to push anything on anybody.
It's more just like, no, I know you're not.
Hey, this works for me.
But your mirror existence is annoying.
When I think tech, bro, I think of like the Silicon Valley stereotypical founder, like the
kind of meme, I mean, Silicon Valley, the show, like the meme of a founder.
But like someone who's just super into like, life optimization, I just don't think I see
the tech.
I don't know.
If you're going to make fun of me, at least be accurate.
What's a better word than to call you?
Because I think I think you're right that it's not literally true, but you know, it just
has nothing to do with my tech background.
I feel like the things that people are seeing in me and pointing out or poking at have more
to do with, I don't know, my age, my social status, my listening habits.
Yeah.
Has nothing to do with literally tech.
I know that.
But it's just an arbitrary word.
They can.
I know.
I'm hung up on it.
Gooberman.
Like it's just like, they can call you anything.
Like what?
The point is like, we know what they're talking about.
Yeah.
Okay.
Fine.
I feel like I haven't even more annoying take that.
Oh, I want to hear your really annoying take, please.
I don't need caffeine ever.
You guys are all losers that need caffeine.
Like what is wrong?
I don't need it.
I feel months without it.
Yeah.
But you need it for your special day.
You need it.
I like it on my special days.
It creates a crazy with the last time you had caffeine because maybe you don't remember,
but like what?
It's just like, I don't need to do any of these things and somehow my life is great.
I'm not saying you need to.
No.
I know.
When was the last time you had caffeine?
Have you not had it in a long, long time?
Uh, I think I had it like maybe two months ago, I figured I had something.
The amount of like mental clarity and just like hyper focus, because I've got pretty
good focus.
It has no effect on me because I'm like that every single day, Adam.
Oh, I see.
Every single minute.
I am just firing on me.
Okay.
Well, there you go.
What can I say?
If I tweeted something along that category.
Oh, please do.
Hey, I think it would have surpassed me.
It would have surpassed whatever happened to you.
My question is you look at literally haven't been on Twitter.
I haven't.
I come on.
I'm like, hey, to just post this like missile targeted at the heart of everyone's like,
it's a curious and annoys us.
It's just how you write.
It's just how you write on Twitter.
But the heart of it was I had a dream, not a dream, but I was like, I was up every night.
Okay.
Listen, every night I've had a hard time at like three am, I've been waking up and I can't
seem to fall asleep.
And there's like this 45 minute window where I'm just trying to fall asleep, but my mind's
really active.
That's been for like a week.
And this particular night, the thing on my mind was, why is everybody drinking caffeine
all day?
Everybody's just like, God, I have my, I haven't had my coffee yet.
Don't talk to me.
Like that whole trope.
It's so dumb.
Like everyone's just so rundown and needs their caffeine just to like exist.
And I just have that thought like, how many people do that?
And I did it.
And I wish people didn't.
It's better this way.
I mean, I was my thought.
I do feel that way.
I do feel that way about other people.
Yeah.
So I happened to like get on Twitter for the first time in two weeks and decided I'd ride
a little something.
And then I'm not on Twitter because you gave me that stupid app that like, I don't want
to use it anymore.
And then I'd check it two days later and like that tweet blew up and everybody's yelling
at me and calling me a tech bro and it hurt my feelings.
Okay.
I'm done.
So I'm done with Twitter again.
I don't know.
I don't need it.
It sucks.
If you're going to use it in that way, yes, I see why it sucks.
Oh, yeah, right.
The right way to use it is just like hang out with your friends.
I do miss everybody.
Do you?
If you did, you'd be there.
So we don't believe you.
Not true.
I'm just busy.
Are you upgrading to Astro three?
Oh, yes.
Stagnets will launch with Astro three.
I mean, we haven't done it yet, but I mean, it doesn't sound like it's hard, just like
bumps and dependencies.
Yeah.
I don't think it's hard either.
Are you guys going to use any of those new features?
So like view transitions, we had been using them in preview, off and on.
I'd turned it off twice.
Right now it's off because we keep running into some new weird issue.
I want to turn it back on and see if everything's good now, like you have to use like some
event handlers.
You have to do some stuff to like reinitialize JavaScript because I'm not using a framework.
We're not using any kind of JavaScript framework because we just have so little JavaScript.
We have to like make sure all of this stuff in your script tags is like wrapped in this
Astro load event or whatever, so that when the view transition happens, it's not a full
page load, but that event fires and it initialized all the JavaScript, but we had some issues
with stuff double loading and I don't know, those weird little odds and ends and they
just go away.
And when we turn off view transitions, I don't know.
What other features are there, Astro?
I thought it was mostly just it's faster.
It's faster in the view transitions.
I think those are the two major things.
So maybe they fixed some stuff.
Maybe we ran into bugs, I just didn't report on the view transition stuff.
You have an existing site, an existing design.
When you say you turn on view transitions, like can you, is it like easy just to turn
it on?
Or do you have to like design a product specifically with this concept?
No, you just literally just turn it on.
Okay.
And then suddenly links prefetch and it animates between, like you can customize the animations,
even if you don't, it morphs, it does this kind of like default animation.
And when you turn it on, it like looks nice and everything feels faster.
Works surprisingly well.
Yeah.
There was just some little edge cases we had, but like overall, it's a better site.
I mean, it feels way better.
We just got to iron that stuff out.
I'm looking at some of this stuff and it looks really cool and like, you know, the demos
that they put out really smart of them, that music player one, that was brilliant.
Yeah.
The Spotify.
No, the Spotify one was I think like user made.
They made their own like music player before.
Oh, it was.
Yeah.
Oh, they made one.
I think I thought it was brilliant because you can like navigate between pages and the
music keeps playing.
I was like, oh, it's a perfect way to demonstrate a podcast player kind of thing.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's a perfect way to demonstrate like what the technology is because you would expect
it to get interrupted.
Mm hmm.
That's smart.
I see all this cool stuff and people from these demos, they all look really great.
It's so different from how I build anything where I'm like, wow, I actually feel completely
out of touch at this point because nothing I built and work on works this way.
I see the value in it.
Am I ever going to work on something like this in the future?
Like, I don't even, I can't even imagine it right now.
So, yeah.
So I'm trying to think like, is it just, does it just come down to the type of site or application
would be better suited for either?
Because I do feel like both worlds are trying to like solve the same problems.
It's just very different approaches.
Yeah.
What I've always had with all this SSR stuff is when most of the site is stateful and needs
to be around between page loads and all that stuff, it just becomes really tedious to like
work around the SSR stuff and like escape hatchet of being like, this only runs on the client
or like, yeah, this needs to like be around between page.
It's just, it's too optimized for the other thing.
And they built this nice bridge that you can kind of have both.
But in my head, it's always, even if you can literally do both, both the SSR stuff and the
SPA like behavior, it's not exactly the same as doing an SPA because it's, you're still
like, escape hatching.
It's not really an escape hat you're using this feature, but you're like wrapping everything
in as additional functionality.
And it's great when you have mostly a site that you would just like to feel faster and
snap here.
But if it's mostly an app, I don't, like, I don't see that, but the point I guess the
point I'm trying to make is building a site has gotten so advanced, so much more advanced
than the last time I've built something like that, where I feel like a huge gap with my
own skillset.
Like I just haven't done something like that.
And I'm wondering, is that something I need to fix or like realistically, am I ever going
to work on like a big, heavy Astro site, like maybe, is it better just to focus on what
you've always done and not really branch into that stuff?
Yeah.
Because I don't see myself building anything in that category, but who knows?
I mean, the project we're working on, I mean, this use case is, I think, really well suited
to it because most of the page is static or it's generated the same for every user and
there's just kind of sprinkling some customization stuff in.
Yeah.
I think it works out for us.
I don't really have a lot of experience with spas, like real spas, like the kind of stuff
you do and like the client first or what is it called?
Local first?
Yeah.
Local first.
I have no experience with that.
I do think if I were building something like that, that's the way I'd go.
You've convinced me.
But yeah, it's amazing how differently you could build two properties that are deployed
to the web today.
Yeah, exactly.
I feel like there's like very little overlap now.
It's also interesting to me because I've worked at a lot of companies and especially the consultant
I've interacted with a lot of companies and these large like public facing like content
driven sites, I would say like less than 5% of the places I've worked for fit in that
category.
Yeah.
You're like primary experience the last couple of years has been on like one of the biggest
in that category, so it's like really extreme.
But I do wonder like is that what half of engineers work on is that like I have no sense
of that at all.
Yeah.
I feel like it's a smaller like less than half kind of thing.
I would think.
Yeah.
Because I personally haven't run into it.
And then I think about like, how do I use the web?
I mean, you think of like stack overflow fits into that.
Well, I guess yeah, I don't really do that anymore.
Okay, I'm looking at my tabs right now I have the arch wiki open, which I always have opened
in some form.
That's awesome.
You're such a nerd.
It's such a tech bro, I'm just because I'm trying to figure out how to run Android apps
on my desktop so I can do the Twitter space.
So we can do the Twitter space.
Yeah.
We got to do that.
We'll get that figured out and we'll do it.
I have a lot of GitHub tabs open.
Yes.
GitHub in my opinion should be way more of a spa than it is.
Yeah.
But yeah, GitHub, I don't know.
I use a bunch of like little like a bunch of productivity apps and those are all spas.
But yeah, I think for me, the web is like Google to random sites back to Google to random
site back to Google to random site.
And I guess all of those should just be like astro type sites.
Yeah, like the the random sites are typically like articles, blogs, stuff, right?
Like if you're researching something and I guess that does I guess now that I think
about it, I don't use a lot of spas, but is that where your job would be?
Is my question?
What do you mean?
If someone is working as a software engineer, they're not like professionally working full
time on their blog, you know, no, that's true.
Yeah.
What do most people work on?
What are you all?
There's so many developers.
There's like 30 million developers.
What are they doing?
So many companies, so many of them.
Well, I think about this all the time though, because I'm like, okay, I got these like random
headphones that I needed for privacy reason.
And yesterday I installed the app and I'm like, there's someone out there that just works
on this like random headphones every single day.
Yeah.
Just it's like, not great app.
It's actually better than I expected, but it's so like not great.
But yeah, like there's just everywhere you look, there's like some software.
Yeah, zooming out, like, has anyone other surveys or breakdowns of like global trends
in terms of the bigger buckets, like systems developers versus like native mobile developers
versus web developer, like, where does all that fit in?
I wonder what the breakdown looks like.
Yeah.
Like whenever I always ask people where they work and it's always, it's always really legit
in that, okay, that's a good real business.
I see why that exists, but it's also something I literally have never heard of or would have
never thought about.
So it's just, there's just so many companies out there.
I think the story I keep going back to is that React Miami where I had a bunch of people
come up to me and being like, oh, we use SST and I was cool because I've like, I've never
had that conversation in real life prior to that.
And one of them was like this oil company in the middle of nowhere that had like a hundred
plus software engineers and everything that I'm using SST.
And I was just like, this is so random, like a hundred people working together, like looking
at the stuff that we make.
And they like think that way and they build every day that way that is like a company you
would have never heard of, I mean, hedging up bumps into this person.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's crazy.
And now that we have the console up, we're seeing, we can see like people's invocations.
Like we're seeing, because we track the number of vacation people have and we've, we have
like a, I like look at the top 10 every day.
And man, we have some like giant user, like some people are doing a lot of, of traffic
and vacation work.
Yeah.
It's like, like they'll be someone in the lead, number one, I'll see them every day, number
one, number one, number one, and then all of a sudden, someone will just double that and
then be like, you know, signed up and they're doubled and it's, yeah, it's really crazy
that there's just, and I've never heard of any of these companies.
I'll look them up.
It looks like really, okay, clearly it's a real business, like it exists and it's crazy
how big the world is.
The world is big.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
It's just really big.
How's the console going?
And where are you guys are right now?
What are you working on?
Yeah.
It's, it's good.
We're about to launch our issues features, so this is in, in our old product.
But the fact that like Sentry, you get alerted.
The big thing that I did though, that we didn't have the old one, is like all the automatic
source map support.
So when you get...
I thought you'd tweet that.
Yeah.
The issue, it's actually like, the sacrifice looks correct and you can expand it and see
the code that...
Yeah.
How'd you do that?
I think we have this really interesting positioning and I want to like go at this angle a lot
more with everything we build.
We deploy your app.
Because we deploy your app, we can do all kinds of things automatically for you.
That is like a setup process in other places.
So if you think about when you sign up for Sentry, they have like 90 plus percent of the
market.
Like everyone has used them before.
But it's like, okay, I'm not to go to production.
Oh shit.
We need to set up Sentry so we know if anything goes wrong.
You like go to their docs.
You figure out which one of the three ways you need to integrate.
Can you wrap all your functions?
You realize you forgot one function, you got to go back and wrap that one.
All these steps, right?
But that process takes care of shipping everything that Sentry needs to give you half of these
in experience.
But because we're deploying it, we can just do all that automatically.
We know all the functions you deploy.
We build your functions so we can generate source maps, ship them to...
We actually don't ship even ship them to ourselves.
We just keep them in your account.
The console will use that to correct fact traces and pull out your code.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
The angle I want to go is no setup.
Every feature we release, it should just kind of work without this additional thing.
You have to go integrate or set up.
That way, it doesn't really matter if we're never going to meet anywhere close to as good
as Sentry because it's not our full-time focus.
Yeah.
In the default option that just works automatically, that ends up being a business perspective.
Being the fault is crazy, crazy powerful.
Yeah.
And if all else fails, you could always just spin up crypto mining VMs or something and
people's accounts.
I mean, you've got full control.
You deploy.
So I didn't mean to seed that into anybody's.
Is that the best thing we could do given we have?
What is the best thing you could do?
Yeah.
If you've got admin account on a bunch of AWS accounts or admin access, what is the most
lucrative thing you could do?
Probably sell access to the people who think that they can make a lot of money.
Yeah.
That's brilliant.
Let's make the shovels.
Yeah.
That's funny.
You probably have to go like the dark web.
Do you even know what the dark web is?
I have to go talk about the dark web.
I have spent my time on the dark web.
Yes.
You have.
Yeah.
How do you get there?
I don't want to use a browser.
Can I use a browser?
Well, you typically use Tor.
Do you know what Tor is?
No.
Like torrent?
No, it's.
Hey, I don't know what it's answering.
I mean, I did download some torrents.
I'm going to, I'm going to out myself.
I did steal some music in the late 90s.
Oh man.
Was it like, what kind of, do you remember like a specific?
Well, it wasn't even a legal when it was a Napster, right?
Like Napster was like, this is legal.
Or maybe.
Kind of like DraftKings.
I don't really remember what happened with that.
I feel like it came out.
I then later they were like, hang on, this is all not allowed.
Yeah.
But I think I did a lot of that.
I want to say I downloaded like you torrent and maybe got some stuff that way.
Yeah.
Some music or something.
I don't know.
I don't remember.
But, but now you're saying the tour is like a tour is this.
It's kind of like a, it's like a distributed VPN, if you think about it.
So you can like computers can join the Tor network.
And when you make a request through the Tor network, it gets bounced off of a bunch
of them before going to the target.
That's okay.
Is it physically though happening over the internet?
Yes.
It is physical network.
They have their own like protocol.
So it's not like TCP IP or whatever.
So it is, I forgot what layer operates on.
So it is TCP.
It is HTTP.
It's all like very normal.
You can build a very normal deploy in Azure sites.
But the domains are like dot onion domains.
I'm sorry.
What now?
Yeah.
Or whatever exists on dot onion domains.
Because the Tor is like an onion network.
They call an onion network.
So it has like layers.
Oh, it's funny.
I just expected something way creepier and like, I don't know, sinister dot onion.
If I may, it's super sneaky dot onion.
Well, you should think that's a lot of things.
You don't get nice domain names and I don't exactly understand why or how this works, but
you get like, it's like a, you, you, it's like a, you lit, it's like a bunch of letters
dot onion.
And so your request bounces through a bunch of different computers and then lands and
then goes to the end server.
So it just makes it harder to trace.
And what, what makes the dark web so dark?
Tell me more about the dark web.
What would I find there if I went to your, well, well, you can host, you can, you can
host an illegal server on the normal internet, which is completely fine.
You just put on all the internet and like, I'm an illegal server.
What do you mean?
A server serving illegal or illicit.
Okay.
So it might be something where you're selling something that's illegal.
You're going to go shop.
Like drugs.
Yeah.
Shop.
I own a shop.
I account.
And then start to sell drugs out of there.
And they're going to shut you down eventually.
Probably very quickly.
So that's why people end up on the dark web is they don't get shut down.
From the serving standpoint, you can't use something like Shopify as you have to self
host it.
You just have your own servers kind of do everything yourself to minimize the chance
of it getting these, whatever.
Okay.
And then you want to protect the end users because you don't want their traffic to your
site to be very easily traceable.
So that's why I want to go through this tour thing.
Okay.
Here's the craziest part.
You know who invented tour?
I'm pretty sure it was a US government.
I think it was like a CIA or so it was like, I think it was originally built to help like
dissidents and other countries that communicate without being being traced.
But this just makes me wonder like, it's not fully not traceable.
Like if you put in the work, you can trace it.
I was going to say, I feel like it's still, yeah, it's still got to be like reversible.
Like somebody could take all the activity and I don't know.
I think the government, the idea is it makes it annoying enough to track an individual that
they don't bother going after customers.
They just go after this or serving, which I think is makes sense for everyone's point
of view.
Interesting.
So there's these marketplaces like eBay that are there.
They're effectively just like eBay and but you can sell anything.
Yeah.
But you can't go from a browser.
You got to go from a browser, which is just Firefox, which is Firefox.
That's like forked.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
But it's fine.
It's just like all the same concerns happen.
There's like UX concerns, like you have to build like a nice product that people want
to use and everything.
There's a good ratings.
For the dark web.
Yeah.
There's like some of these websites have like the merchants have ratings, but instead
of normal ratings, like of course you'll have a normal like how to five star rating.
They break it down and one of the categories is stealth like four out of five on stealth
because you know, the package was like the drugs in like a DVD cover and they like mailed
that to me.
That's why you get stealth.
You even know a lot about this.
You've really you've done your homework on the dark web.
Let's just say I watch a documentary on the dark web that could help me with this voice.
It could maybe like heal my throat.
They sell all sorts of funny stuff on there like like they sell cash, which is a funny
cause.
It makes complete sense.
Wait, what?
You can buy cash, but like you're just laundering money.
How do you pay how do you pay on the dark web?
It's all Bitcoin.
I'm not a manero.
Yeah.
What did it do?
What did they do before cryptocurrency?
I don't know.
Actually, because I feel like it only really got big once once Bitcoin was an option because
Silk Road, which is the most infamous one I've heard of that.
I think they came out.
They came out after Bitcoin came out.
Did they get destroyed?
Did they get like taken down or something?
Yeah, it was like a huge it was like a huge thing where the guy got caught and now he's
in jail for life and people kind of think it's like overly people kind of do feel like
it was an overly harsh, harsh punishment.
There's a lot of messed up things that happened with the trial.
Like it seemed like the government was like, they entrapped him into like saying that he
was going to assassinate someone.
It was like a lot of stuff happened with a bunch of the agents stole some of the Bitcoin
that they seized.
It was kind of a huge huge mess of a process.
Wow.
But yeah.
Dark Web.
So the dark web still thriving.
It hasn't gone away.
I don't know.
I mean, I haven't looked at it in a while, but I'm just like the thing is these marketplace
come out, they last for a while.
Sometimes the person making the marketplace just let's it get big enough big enough and
they like just steal a bunch of stuff might disappear.
Oh, geez.
Makes sense.
Sometimes they get taken down by the government.
New one pops up.
It's kind of an infinite.
Yeah.
Loop.
How do a is your communication channels like I always hear about IRC and like, I know like
old school programmers like I started on IRC.
Well, it's funny because the UX a lot of these sites has to suck.
Because they optimize for crazy security over ease of use.
So you have to like generate your own PGP keys and like upload your public keys to the
site.
And then all your messages is like end to end encrypted.
So the site doesn't even have access to the data that they're serving.
So yeah, usually a messaging platform will be on the site and they just make you follow
all these steps to keep it encrypted and yeah, people like boot up into like those secure
Linux operating systems, like tails or whatever, wait, what?
Tails.
There's like these, there's these Linux OS's that you can boot off of a USB that are optimized
to like be really stealthy.
Like they don't like leave any cache data on the disk and they're like kind of equipped
everything and do all that.
So people will boot into that, wow, use the tour browser, access the dark web, do whatever
they need to do.
Oh, man, I would love to know one of these people.
Apparently it's you.
I mean, I'd love to just like sit in the room and watch what they do.
There's like Reddit's that like tutorials as credits.
You can go.
Oh, really?
Go explore.
It's just like a funny thing that exists.
Like I said, you just, you feel a selling like all sorts of funny stuff on there.
Sometimes people sell like tutorials and books too.
They like sell like how to steal it.
It's like a product.
It's like grifters over there too.
Oh, man, it's funny.
You can't escape it.
It's everywhere.
Oh, it's funny.
So when you boot into tails and you're setting in your dark purple room.
Do you wear like a hood?
Are you always in like one of the anonymous masks?
You have to.
Otherwise, you know, it's not something.
You never know.
If you're not in a hood, you got to have physical security too.
Yeah.
If someone saw you, they need to not know who it is.
There's a whole thing around this concept.
I forgot what's called a dead drop.
It's called some kind of drop.
So there's, I don't even know if this really happens, but the thing everyone's paranoid
about is when they're getting a delivery, people claim that sometimes that delivery
gets intercepted and then the FBI will dress up as or whoever whatever you see will dress
up as a carrier and they give you the box and they wait five minutes and they raid you
to see if you've opened the box.
Has this ever really happened?
And I'm just like, I don't, it's one of those things, you know, where like the average person
thinks about how the law works and they like, it just sounds like that to me.
It's like they bust it and they see you with the box open.
They're like, because you open the box, you know, you're in trouble.
But what happens if you just don't open it for a day?
Like you somehow not in trouble, like it just doesn't make any sense.
But there's a, there's a story that just goes around where someone's a someone said
that they claim that their friend went to the post office to pick up a package because
it wasn't delivered.
And the post office was having a birthday party for one of the employees and it was
like the woman's wearing hats and everything and he picked up the package and it turns
out it was a fake birthday party and it was like a stealth operation and a bunch of like
seriously agents were dressed up as a birthday.
It was like employee birthday and it like came out and they like arrested him.
I don't understand why they would need to pretend it's a birthday.
Like what?
Yeah, there's a lot of ways that could have gone that seems like extra work.
Yeah.
Like how did he not?
I don't know.
I feel like he was surprised in other ways without pretending to be celebrating a birthday.
You just been behind, you just been in the back office.
Like, you know, I would have said anything.
That's, that's a true story though?
No, I don't know.
There's these stories going around where I just feel like.
People, people like this like role-playing element of like, oh, I'm doing this, this
is like the thing that I'm avoiding the government and it's like dodging, you know, it's more
fun that way.
They're breaking the law.
I just assume that they never go after a buyer.
It just feels like a waste of time.
Yeah.
I'm assuming that's too many others.
That makes sense.
This is not that.
But have you seen the, is it Mark?
Mark Robber.
Robberson.
Robs?
I don't know.
It's the YouTuber that does the like, he makes the crazy like packages that explode.
Oh.
For like, porch parts.
Yeah.
I've seen that.
But there's a camera in there and then it like explodes.
Yeah.
And they're smelling really bad.
And they're like, explode.
Yeah.
That's why.
Man, that's a huge problem.
Everyone always complains about that.
I've never had that happen to me once.
I saw one of them.
He did.
It wasn't for the porch.
It was like, they're putting stuff in a bag and just putting it in the back of a car
in San Francisco or something like that.
And how quickly the window gets busted out.
He smashed the window, jumped in and grabbed it.
Yeah.
It was like less than 10 seconds.
They just come grab the bags.
It's so fast.
Like they leave it there for no time at all and there are people busting in or looking
in or.
Yeah.
That video was weird to me because were they targeting that car specifically because they
seem to go straight for the back seat.
They knew there was something in there.
They pulled up, smashed it, ran out.
So efficient.
Yeah.
Makes you never want to go to a city again.
Oh, that's just me.
That's just me.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, we have a it's so it's weird because we in the street, we live on.
Most people have these like their whole property is like gated.
Like all the houses are next to each other that I get adjacent.
It's not like in the suburbs with those like space between the houses.
Like we all live right next to each other, even the houses would not live in the suburbs.
It is not a DAX move, say.
Everyone had these like big gates that go all around.
So it's like everyone's a completely shielded.
Like you can't target even like into into the house, but we have like like a waist level
like white picket fence and we're just like, I just feel like we're crazy exposed compared
to everyone else on our street.
Oh, no, but I actually wonder if there's some kind of reverse psychology going on where
someone's like, oh, well, that looks too easy.
Yeah.
That's got to be some catch.
Yeah, the other day, well, Zuko has his friend that comes over a lot and she's a German shepherd
and they both play in the front yard like really crazy.
They like really nuts and I'm like, I hope, I hope that people are seeing this all the
time so that they're like, oh shit, there's a good door of men.
Yeah.
The German shepherd and the Doberman rolling around on the ground biting at each other.
I think if you look at her, it's very normal, but it's just a fact that everyone else has
these like our merge.
Yeah, these compounds that makes me think like, is that there for a reason is everyone's
overreacting?
I can't tell.
Yeah.
We've got the, so we've got like perimeter cameras around the house and it's the ring.
I don't know if you've looked at it.
We have perimeter cameras too, but we have the nest side of things.
Okay.
Nest.
Yeah.
I've used messed up in the past.
So we have the ring ones and they have this option that when the, when you'll arm the
alarm, you can have this virtual security guard where somebody watches any motion detection
events because we get a lot of false, like it's supposed to just detect humans, but it's
like a spider goes across and like, so they any motion events during an active, like when
your alarm is armed, there's an active person watching it and determining if there's any
real threat and then dismissing.
So like every event that happens and you pay for like, it's like buckets of number of events
that they'll admire or whatever, but we just had gone to Kansas city and I just decided
to like actually arm it while we were gone.
We, we are at night every night just on a schedule, but armed it for the whole trip.
We were gone for like three days and our neighbors brought our trash cans back to the house.
And that's nice.
It record.
Yeah, it's super nice, but they're all on a walk and they're just walking by and like,
we'll just take the trash can to the house.
And as she's walking it up the driveway, this like security guard comes over the audio
and you're like, set the garage, or set the trash receptacle down and leave the premise.
This is private property.
And they thought like, oh, maybe it's just an automated message.
That was kind of like, they've heard our cameras like at one time we had the setting
where it was like, you're being recorded.
So that she turns to her husband, she's like, it said something about the trash cans.
The whole thing's recorded, like we can watch all day back.
But I get this alert while we're in Kansas City, like somebody showed up in your garage,
but the situation was deescalated and we didn't have to call it the rest of it.
Yeah.
And then I watch it back.
It's like my neighbors bringing the trash cans in.
That's really funny.
But she told them she said we've called the police like because she kept coming after
that.
Like she brought them to the house.
She's like, we've called the authorities, leaves the premises.
They totally bluffed them.
Is it?
Are they like hitting a button to play that or is it someone speaking live?
They're speaking live over the cameras.
The cameras have like two way, like we can do that.
We can talk over.
Okay.
So do they add the sound threatening?
Is that part of their like?
I don't know.
She did a very the security guard did a very good job of being intimidating.
It was like the whole bluff on calling the police and everything.
Wow.
I don't know if that's an attack vector if people like want to steal stuff.
They like bring your trash can to the house like just all sneaky like I'm just returning
your trash bins and then boom.
They go for the hit.
I don't know.
Is that how people say things like that?
I don't know what that was.
I don't know.
I know what the dark web is.
Yeah.
We have we have a cameras around to again, like I said, because I feel exposed, I like
set up cameras everywhere, which makes me feel yeah.
Oh, I feel way better.
They don't really trigger by accident.
I feel like they only ever catch before.
Oh, really?
But maybe we just I don't know.
I don't know.
I have no idea why.
Have you never had an issue with that?
No.
It's like whenever you're going to alert, it's a real person.
So what's annoying to me on the ring ones is they have they literally have a setting.
It's like human only motion events.
Yes.
Exactly.
It doesn't work.
Oh, okay.
I mean, it just gets a lot of false.
Yeah.
I guess it's better than whatever the true negatives.
I don't know.
What's the opposite of the false bother?
I guess it's better than missing events, but you don't want like your alarm going off
because a bug flew in front of the window at night, like that happens, like you get
those events.
Yeah.
We might just have like we might just have less noise going in front of cameras.
Okay.
I will say there is just one.
This is this conversation reminded me I need to put a camera in a specific part of my backyard.
So if you if you are sleeping in our bedroom, if you wake up at literally any time at night
and you just start listening for one minute, you will be convinced there's someone's breaking
in and like about what because this is super weird.
And I'm telling you, it sounds every happens to me all the time when I wake up and no matter
how many times it happens, I still am like convinced that this is what's going on.
We have these really tall bamboo trees, right?
Like in the window of our bedroom.
Yeah.
At night in the wind, they like Creek.
Okay.
But the way they Creek sounds exactly like our side door opening and literally sound like
the latch opening.
Okay.
So first you hear that and you're like, okay, maybe which is a Creek, then you start hearing
footsteps on the rocks on the side of the house.
But when it creaks, the lizards jump off and like land on the ground and like run around.
But it sounds exact.
If you just like there's been so many nights, I generally sleep really well, but if I randomly
get woken up and I start to listen to that, I'll just be up for 30 minutes because I'm
just like tense waiting for.
That's terrifying.
Yeah.
But it sounds exactly like a gate opening and someone walking constantly through the
whole night.
So like I need to put a camera on the side of the house so that I can just get it and
be like, okay, it's definitely not a person.
Just the lizards.
Just the lizards running around.
Nothing to worry about.
It's really creepy though.
It is very creepy.
I had a singular event the other night.
I got up pretty early at like 4.30 or 5 and I'm in my office and my door was shut.
So like often my oldest will get up in the middle of the night, like I don't know, he
has to pee or something and he'll come down when he knows I'm awake and tell me of his
issues or whatever.
If he's got something he needs help me of his issues.
I mean like dad, I'm scared or dad I need something.
Yeah.
Just like he'll come into the office.
I swore I heard him or somebody like up and around upstairs and come down and I was just
waiting for my door to open and nobody opened the door.
So I pulled up, we have all interior cameras as well.
So I go to like the interior app and it's like no motion events.
Nobody has moved a mouse.
Yeah.
And I swore I heard like it was so sure it was a creepiest like ghost story kind of thing
I've ever had.
Everyone wants to answer.
Yeah, it has to be a ghost.
It has to be.
It has to be footsteps.
That's right.
Or lizards and wind or something.
Bamboo.
We don't have any bamboo.
So I don't know.
It's creepy man.
So Liz went to the bathroom and then she went back to the bathroom a minute later to get
something and she was like the toilet seats up all the way.
There's no way that I would have left it up.
So that must have been a ghost.
Oh my word.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, sometimes there's why is there no way you would have left it up?
No, she was saying there's no way she went to the bathroom.
Oh, like you hadn't been in there.
No, no, no, no.
And she was like toilet seat and I was like, is it possible you left it up?
I was like, no, impossible.
Why would I ever do that?
Yeah.
Why would she do that?
No, I wasn't in the bathroom.
Okay.
What I'm getting at is I sit when I peeked you sit when you peek.
Yeah.
But only because Liz told me I have to do that.
Casey too, like five years ago and it's better.
Now I'm convinced.
I'm just used to it here.
There's no reason to peel over the floor.
Like I used to peel over.
You were going to make fun of this one or a screw.
I don't care.
You know what?
It's better.
It's just like.
Is it better?
It's less messy.
It's way less messy.
There's just no way you're not going to splatter all over everything if you pee standing up
every day.
And why do that in your own house?
Why create that mess?
It's just unnecessary.
I still do standing up every once in a while.
It's a little treat for me.
You know?
Oh, really?
It's a little treat.
Oh, you enjoy.
I don't think about like not enjoying sitting to pee.
I think there's like a little amount of friction of like turning around and then squatting.
I guess.
Yeah.
And sitting down.
So skipping that to one second as I like treats.
I guess I am a little excited when I'm in a public place and I pee in a year and all like
oh, I just get to stand here and pee.
It's kind of nice.
I guess I get it.
Yeah.
What percentage of people do you think sit and love men?
Do you think sit and pee?
Well, isn't it like I want to say internationally, it's a much higher percentage.
Like I want to say in Europe, they do that.
It's normal.
But here in the U.S.
You stand up.
Europe has that poop shelf thing going on.
I'm just like a shelf.
Have you seen their their toilets where like no, there's like a ledge in the toilet bowl.
And like the water like comes out and like goes around.
I'll send you a picture later.
And they call it a poop shelf because sometimes like a poop gets on it and then just kind
of gets stuck.
And I'm like, what is this?
Is that a feature?
Why?
I don't know if it's an accident.
I'm sure they have some European reason where it's like it's better for society or something
like that.
Wow.
I had never heard of this.
I mean, I'm going to look up pictures now, I guess of I'm not going to search that though.
I'm just going to search European toilets.
No, search poop shelf.
I think that's part of the right thing.
I'm not doing that because it'll have pictures like proving why it's called that now and
not done.
I'm proof.
I'm pretty sure they said when they pee though, I think it's a American thing, like inches
and down.
I'm pretty sure.
I mean, I'm not a European.
I had no idea.
I don't know.
I'm googling it.
Do you hear me?
Are you googling?
Yes.
European man.
I'm going to sit to pee.
I'm telling you, Germany was by far the leader in men who sit while peeing.
62% of German men.
I knew I liked the Germans and knew it.
Sweden came in a distant second with a country split 50/50 on the issue.
American men prefer standing with only 23% saying they sit most of the time.
Disgusting Americans.
What are we doing?
We just like cleaning up pee on the floor.
What's the deal?
There's just Google poop shelf.
Just do it.
Okay.
Do it.
It's just a weird design.
I don't get it.
What in the world?
There's no...
Most of the pictures are not gross.
Some of the pictures are gross, but...
Okay.
I don't actually see the shelf though.
It's not like it's a shelf.
The point is it's not like...
Oh.
It's not full of water?
Or like the water level is really low.
I don't understand it.
Why is the water level so low?
Yeah.
Most of the toilet is not full of water.
That seems wrong.
Well, this picture has a duck sitting on it.
Oh. Okay. I just got into the grass once.
Okay.
I'm done.
I don't understand that.
They're just filled with water.
Is it just water conservation?
Probably.
I don't know.
The water conversation...
Conservation thing is funny because it's so regional where like...
Where I live.
Like there's water everywhere all the time.
It'll come to get a ground coming from the sky.
Yeah.
I like it.
You need less water.
I have a water shortage.
Yeah.
Like New Orleans.
And then California.
They take all the water they get, right?
Yeah.
It wasn't a big storm.
Did you?
You didn't get hit by the hurricane or anything.
Yeah.
What's a Tampa, I think?
Oh, Tampa.
The Native Americans put a reverse curse on Tampa that prevents hurricanes from hitting
there directly.
So they're protected.
What?
Why did they do that?
Did the Tampa people do something?
I think there's like burial grounds there.
Ah.
But they got hit.
So the reverse curse wore off.
Yeah.
But it's been a very long time.
The hurricane was hit there from last year just veered off last minute and hit, hit closer.
So it works for us.
Interesting.
I love stuff like that.
It worked for a while.
Interesting.
I don't know.
How do we know Native Americans didn't put a reverse curse on every city though?
Like there's probably some Native Americans that reverse cursed every city because they
live there.
Do you're being a tech pro right now?
Oh, am I?
Oh, no.
I don't want to be a tech pro.
Okay.
I opened up Twitter on accident that's something we were talking about and while he's notification.
Just enjoy the mystery and don't don't analyze it.
Don't analyze it.
Okay.
Why are so many people quote tweeting this tweet?
It was not that good of a tweet.
People.
The coffee.
Just leave it alone.
There's 308 quote tweets.
Yes.
The coffee one.
Geez.
Calm down people.
Can we just can we talk about who are the people that are just like, I'm so mad just person
tweeted.
I'm going to write about it.
Yeah.
Who are these people?
Oh, my word.
Well, whatever you did that was wrong.
The people quote tweeting are worse.
So you can.
I agree.
I mean, it's me, so I'm biased.
Okay.
I'm over it.
I got a good option.
Like I think I saw Aaron reply.
You should double down.
Double down.
Like, if you drink coffee, you're probably a Satanist.
Probably hate babies and no, no, no, no, to be to be the most annoying.
What would it be?
I'll do it right now.
You can't be that extreme.
Okay, give me something.
You have to just give it.
I'll do it right.
Literally right now.
It has to be something that seems like it's serious, but I don't know what it is.
If you drink coffee, you probably gave up in life.
Is that too much?
I had an idea the other day where I was like, if I ever want to just piss everyone off,
I went up close to no real work has ever been done on a laptop.
I guarantee.
I guarantee you think that would do worse that people get more mad.
That would be good.
No, that would be good because that's not one people get called out for, like working
on laptops.
So that's a fresh wound.
Everyone does it and everyone loves working on laptops and everyone thinks that people
that work on desktops are trying too hard.
So it'll be a perfect one.
Please do it.
I'll hit send.
If you hit send, what's something better than gave up in life?
That's too obviously like I'm just trolling.
If you drink coffee, you probably don't do any serious work.
You probably work.
Isn't that serious?
Oh, man.
People are going to think I'm serious.
I don't know.
I just want you to.
I want you to.
I'm kind of done with Twitter.
If you drink coffee, your work probably isn't that serious.
Okay.
I'm doing it.
Whoo.
Done.
I don't know.
Nobody's going to see it.
That's the way Twitter works.
Like the million people latch onto one tweet and then they should see it.
Yeah.
You never know.
I think today that I thought was funny, but now it's like, okay, I noticed once a tweet
gets passed a certain zone, that's when all annoying people come in and it's starting
to reach that zone.
And now I'm a little nervous, but is it your graduating that one?
Congrats on graduating.
You're now a real adult come join Big Tech where a bus will take you to campus.
Bring back back.
You were assigned a level.
Do you mind me reading this?
This is okay.
Okay.
We're going to have a level and given a checklist on how to progress meals provided every quarter,
you get a report card.
You're told you're extra special.
Wow.
That's pretty true.
I mean, I've never worked in Big Tech, but that sounds accurate.
Someone is going to be mad.
There's going to be at least one person reply.
Thank you for sure.
Yeah.
It's just how Twitter works, right?
When you follow trash, you're saying, yeah, it's like this.
All right.
Let's do it.
Okay.
We should probably get off here.
This one's been kind of long, but you know, we didn't, we didn't record on Thursday.
Yeah.
Makeup for it.
Make it up for it.
One big old episode.
Your voice sounds better, by the way.
Ooh, I just needed to talk more.
It does sound better.
I think it sounds basically normal.
Oh, it's that if you don't use it, you lose it thing or what is it?
Like you hurt your ankle.
You got to keep walking on it.
Don't just sit around.
Yeah.
It's going to atrophy.
Your voice, you got to just do some podcasting.
Get on the mic and prescribes you.
Start a podcast.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You need to work on your throat exercises.
Okay.
All right.
Gonna get some water.
See you.
See you next.